What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, {Name}, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in guerrilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, {Name}. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little 'clever' comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, {Name}.
I don't give a fuck who you are or where you live, {Name}. You can count on me to be there to bring your fucking life to a hellish end. I'll put you in so much fucking pain that it'll make Jesus being nailed to a cross in the desert look like a fucking back massage on a tropical island. I don't give a fuck how many reps you have or how tough you are IRL, how well you can fight, or how many fucking guns you own to protect yourself. I'll fucking show up at your house when you aren't home. I'll turn all the lights on in your house, leave all the water running, open your fridge door and not close it, and turn your gas stove burners on and let them waste gas. You're going to start stressing the fuck out, your blood pressure will triple, and you'll have a fucking heart attack. You'll go to the hospital for a heart operation, and the last thing you'll see when you're being put under in the operating room is me hovering above you, dressed like a doctor. When you wake up after being operated on, wondering what ticking time bomb is in your chest waiting to go off. You'll recover fully from your heart surgery. And when you walk out the front door of the hospital to go home I'll run you over with my fucking car out of no where and kill you. I just want you to know how easily I could fucking destroy your pathetic excuse of a life, but how I'd rather go to a great fuckng length to make sure your last remaining days are spent in a living, breathing fucking hell. It's too late to save yourself, but don't bother committing suicide either' I'll fucking resuscitate you and kill you again myself you bitch-faced faggot. Welcome to hell, population: you
As the pictures here can signify, there are many similarities between Adolf Hitler and {Name}. In both of their eyes, is a display of depression and ambition. Both of their dim, depressed frames pictured in this pose. All thou I've never met Adolf Hitler, I know {Name} to a degree. I can tell from my years of knowing him, that is he easily depressed and is prone to suicide and aggression, as Adolf Hitler was. This picture he has taken, is a stance to his rebellion against the world, as he wishes to make a subtle impact on those around him, displaying his beautiful face. One could wonder the incarnations that lay behind those eyes, the ideals of damnation and hatred against those who resent his very existence. The dreaded bags which lay deep underneath his eyes, the every day struggle to keep on fighting, to combat his own deluded psyche. This is a curse laid upon him by whatever supernatural being that wishes to tamper in the affairs of mortals, he wishes he could fight. Yet at the same time, he's not sure what power could it be. Maybe his Friends, maybe it's his family? Perhaps, it's that Derek Jung, or TUO. To what end do his depiction of rebellion represent? The similarities, the eyes, the depressed face, the nearly identical bone structure of his nose. This is quite the uncanny, never thought of being pictured. Yet here it is, the face of the {Name}. The mask of ambition and depression. Nothing can solve his problems, not any one person, not any one medicine or trial. As Adolf Hitler found out, not even ruling an empire can cure his curse. The only solution to his suffering, may be Death.
you wanna know something? fuick you {name}, mute me but no one else who talks sht. i hope a serial killer find this site and hunts you all down and kills you all in your sleep you pathetic moronic watses of bandwidth, you internet whores, get off your laptop and get a goddamn life, because i know that faggots like you are logged into this fucking retarded ass site 24/7 and only go afk to jerk off to your porn because worthless cunts like the lot of you couldnt get laid if you tried, youre all moronic useless retards and will never have a life because this faggoty ass game is so important to you, and the only ppl on here with half a brain are only here to chat, not play a fucking pmon sim with other lonely worthless faggots like you lot of idiotic cunts with zero life experience who only know how to call peiople fag becayuse youre insecure about the fact you stole your mothers vibrator to use on your own anus, you think you like boys but arent sure, like that time in christian camp you sucked the scout master off and liked it, but you were confused, so you hide stolen panties and dildos in your room, and cry at night because no one will ever love you, youre all alone and worthless and the lot of you can all go to hell you fuckiong morons, i hope this server gets hacked and all your cumputers crash for good, i hope they use your personal info to blackmail you for life, and i hope you step on a million legos you FUCKING CUNT GO TO HELL AND DIUE YOU FUCKER I NHATE YOUY FUCK YOU AND YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY THEY ALL HATE YOU AND YOUR PARENTS WUISH YOU WERE NEVER BORN YOU CUMSTAIN ON THE MATTRESSSSSSSSSS
Contrary to what many believe, there is such a being who is so grotesquely unsightly and is the detestification of each of the five senses. This individual's name is {Name}. This travesty of an existence seemed to come about due to some freak accident of genetic splicing. Strands of DNA from a syphillitic hippopotamus, a hermaphroditic creature belonging to the bovine family, and a herpes ridden coyote were found in this being's genetic structure and may be the explanation for the sheer hideousness of this 'thing'. It is advised to shield your eyes whenever this individual is in a 50 mile radius of your current location, as the unsightliness of his being will be viewable from distances that far. Protect yourself, prevent your eyes from casting at {Name}, although it may be tempting, or else you will suffer from afflictions such as excessive vomiting, mental trauma tremendously more severe than that of a mental ward patient, and an irreversible cease of vision, or in layman's terms, permanent blinding.
